Editorial suggestion against #3313 (#3314)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

acknowledged, even if it does not appear in a future ACK frame.  This is unlike
TCP SACKs ({{?RFC2018}}).

> A packet number can be used in multiple packet number spaces. An acknowledgement

Reviewer: This runs afoul of the essential complaint in Dmitri's issue, namely that "packet number" refers to the scoped identifier (and not an unadorned numeric value).  

You might instead say:

```suggestion
The same numeric value might be used to identify packets from multiple packet number spaces. An acknowledgement
```

Author: I don't agree. A packet number refers to the numeric value, does it not? I don't think changing it to "numeric value" makes a difference, it seems to be just another way to say the same thing. I do like the second part of your change, so I'll take that: "The same packet number might be used to identify packets from ..."

It seems perfectly reasonably to say that a packet number can be reused. We currently say that it "will be" reused, which is obviously incorrect. That is what I read Dmitri's issues to be.

number spaces. An acknowledgement for a packet therefore needs to indicate both
its packet number and its packet number space.  An ACK frame acknowledges packet

> numbers in the same space as the packet in which the ACK frame is contained.

Reviewer 2: These three sentences are kind of hard to connect.

Perhaps:
"An acknowledgment for a packet needs to indicate both its packet number and its packet number space, which is accomplished by having each ACK frame only acknowledge packet numbers..."
